Yang Xing as secretary general
Confidential documents with our company are also embarrassing
No, no, no.
This is all the president's personal responsibility
No one else can interfere
什么少爷我我不知道啊
这这不关我事啊
Then this river restarts
What do you mean?
If I'm right
Jianghe refers to Jianghe Chamber of Commerce
What is Jianghe Chamber of Commerce?
It is also a world-class consortium
Old enemy with us
In the process of doing business with us?
Has collapsed
It no longer exists.
Secretary Yang
You can't be undercover, can you?
No sir
You believe me it's not like that
As far as I know
Secretary Yang at the celebrity convention
Specifically nominated the Cao family father and son to cooperate with us
And the Cao father and son also corrected
Said it was at your command
You have to admit that.
Celebrity convention
I didn't have any selfishness involved.
I'm all about the bigger picture
Master, please believe me.
Then why did I still hear
The public relations manager who opposed the young master
Did you promote it?
The wind is weak, what do you mean?
You deliberately framed me
Young Master, this time it's not easy
Must be strictly checked
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable
It seems that this is the only way
Then I feel wronged by Secretary Yang
Come and arrest Secretary Yang for me first, young master